auto-docs: Update property docs for tag v26.1.13 (#1806)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/upgrade/migrate/kubernetes/operator.mdx

      ```

1. Adopt your existing Services.

    1. Label and annotate the Services:

      ```bash
      kubectl --namespace <namespace> annotate service <cluster-name> meta.helm.sh/release-name=<cluster-name> --overwrite
      kubectl --namespace <namespace> annotate service <cluster-name> meta.helm.sh/release-namespace=<namespace> --overwrite
      kubectl --namespace <namespace> label service <cluster-name> app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=Helm --overwrite
      kubectl --namespace <namespace> annotate service <cluster-name>-external meta.helm.sh/release-name=<cluster-name> --overwrite
      kubectl --namespace <namespace> annotate service <cluster-name>-external meta.helm.sh/release-namespace=<namespace> --overwrite
      kubectl --namespace <namespace> label service <cluster-name>-external app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=Helm --overwrite
      ```

    1. Update the selectors of the `<cluster-name>` Service:

      ```bash
      kubectl --namespace <namespace> edit service <cluster-name>
      ```

      Change the selector to:

      ```yaml
      selector:
        app.kubernetes.io/instance: <cluster-name>
        app.kubernetes.io/name: redpanda
      ```

>   This step prevents you from experiencing downtime by making sure the Services do not get redeployed. The names of these Services match the names of the Services that the Redpanda Helm chart will try to deploy when you deploy the Redpanda custom resource. Therefore, these annotations and labels bring the existing Services under the management of Helm so that they do not get deleted and redeployed, saving you potential downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This step prevents Services from being redeployed, which reduces downtime. Because the names of these Services match the names of the Services that the Redpanda Helm chart will try to deploy, these annotations and labels bring the existing Services under the management of Helm so that they do not get deleted and redeployed when you apply the Redpanda resource.
```

  kubectl apply -f redpanda.yaml --namespace <namespace>
  ```

  The updated Redpanda Operator will delete the Pods sequentially causing them to be redeployed using Helm and your Redpanda resource.

1. Wait for the Redpanda resource to successfully reach a `deployed` state:

  ```bash
  kubectl get redpanda <cluster-name> --namespace <namespace> --watch
  ```

  Example output:

  ```nocopy
  NAME       READY   STATUS
  redpanda   True    Redpanda reconciliation succeeded
  ```

## Troubleshooting

While the deployment process can sometimes take a few minutes, a prolonged 'not ready' status may indicate an issue.

### HelmRelease is not ready

If you are using the Redpanda Operator with Helm, you may see the following message while waiting for a Redpanda custom resource to be deployed:

```bash-nocopy
NAME       READY   STATUS
redpanda   False   HelmRepository 'redpanda/redpanda-repository' is not ready
redpanda   False   HelmRelease 'redpanda/redpanda' is not ready
```

While the deployment process can sometimes take a few minutes, a prolonged 'not ready' status may indicate an issue. Follow the steps below to investigate:

1. Check the status of the HelmRelease:

  ```bash

>   kubectl describe helmrelease redpanda --namespace <namespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kubectl describe helmrelease <cluster-name> --namespace <namespace>
```

kubectl describe console <cluster-name> --namespace <namespace>
```

### Open an issue

If you cannot solve the issue or you need assistance during the migration process, [open a GitHub issue](https://github.com/redpanda-data/redpanda/issues/new/choose) in the Redpanda repository. Before opening a new issue, search the existing issues on GitHub to see if someone has already reported a similar problem or if any relevant discussions that can help you.

## Rollback to the deprecated Redpanda Operator

If you still have the Cluster resource you may undo and revert your changes, but there may be downtime depending on how far you have moved into the migration process.

1. Delete the Redpanda resource:

  ```bash
  kubectl delete redpanda <cluster-name> --namespace <namespace>
  ```

  This step triggers a deletion of all resources created by the HelmRelease

1. Enable the deprecated Redpanda Operator to manage your Cluster and Console resources:

  ```bash
  kubectl --namespace <namespace> annotate cluster <cluster-name> redpanda.vectorized.io/managed=”true”
  kubectl --namespace <namespace> annotate console <console-name> redpanda.vectorized.io/managed=”true”
  ```

> The deprecated Redpanda Operator is now managing your resources.

Reviewer 2: You can add here: Any changes made will be undone and resources that were delete should be once again applied.

> The deprecated Redpanda Operator is now managing your resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecated Redpanda Operator is now managing your resources. Any changes that the Redpanda Operator made to your deployment will be undone and any resources that you deleted will be reapplied.
```

NAMESPACE   NAME                AGE
redpanda    one-node-external   17m
```

If you also have a Console resource, you need the name of your Console resource and the namespace in which it's deployed:

```bash
kubectl get console -A
```

## Deploy the updated Redpanda Operator

The first step in the migration process is to deploy the updated Redpanda Operator in the same namespace as an existing Cluster resource.

1. Make sure that you have permission to install custom resource definitions (CRDs):

  ```bash
  kubectl auth can-i create CustomResourceDefinition
  ```

  You need cluster-level permissions to install the Redpanda Operator CRDs in the next steps.

1. Install the Redpanda Operator custom resource definitions (CRDs):

  ```bash
  kubectl kustomize https://github.com/redpanda-data/redpanda//src/go/k8s/config/crd | kubectl apply -f -
  ```

1. Install the Redpanda Operator *in the same namespace as your Cluster custom resource*:

  ```bash
  helm repo add redpanda https://charts.redpanda.com
  helm upgrade --install redpanda-controller redpanda/operator \
    --namespace <namespace> \
    --set image.repository=docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/redpanda-operator \

>     --set image.tag=v23.2.2 \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    --set image.tag=v23.2.4 \
```

### HelmRelease retries exhausted

The `HelmRelease retries exhausted` error occurs when the Helm Controller has tried to reconcile the HelmRelease a number of times, but these attempts have failed consistently.

The Helm Controller watches for changes in HelmRelease objects. Once changes are detected, it tries to reconcile the state defined in the HelmRelease with the actual state in the cluster. The process of reconciliation includes installation, upgrade, testing, rollback or uninstallation of Helm releases.

You may see this error due to:

- Incorrect configuration in the HelmRelease.
- Issues with the chart, such as a non-existent chart version or the chart repository not being accessible.
- Missing dependencies or prerequisites required by the chart.
- Issues with the underlying Kubernetes cluster, such as insufficient resources or connectivity issues.

To debug this error do the following:

1. Check the status of the HelmRelease:

  ```bash
  kubectl describe helmrelease <cluster-name> --namespace <namespace>
  ```

1. Review the Redpanda Operator logs:

  ```bash
  kubectl logs -l app.kubernetes.io/name=redpanda-operator -c manager --namespace <namespace>
  ```

> When you find and fix the error, you must use the Flux CLI, `fluxctl`, to suspend and resume the reconciliation process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you find and fix the error, you must use the Flux CLI to suspend and resume the reconciliation process:
```

> 1. [Install Flux CLI](https://fluxcd.io/flux/installation/#install-the-flux-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Install the Flux CLI](https://fluxcd.io/flux/installation/#install-the-flux-cli).
```
